feat(formatter): add `expand` (#4819)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/the_file_packagejson.md

---
cli: major
---

# Changed default formatting of `package.json`

> When Biome encounters a file called `package.json`, by default it will format the file with all lists expanded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Biome encounters a file called `package.json`, by default it will format the file with all objects and arrays expanded.
```
